# Documentation
The main folder of this project is src/app. This project has the normalize.css

## Package "certificados"

### certificados.component.ts
This component defines several variables such as imgLine, index, myProjects, courses, skills, and cv, which contain paths to static resources. It also has a variable called keys that does not initialize. The component has a function called change that is used to add or remove a show class from the menu. Another important function is certificates that receive an index as a parameter. Based on the index value, a set of certificates is loaded from the cert property that is an object of the Certificates class. The certificates are then stored in Info certificates, other variables are initialized, showInfo is set to true, and the infoImg and infoPdf arrays are populated with the values of the certificates' img and url properties, respectively.


### certificados.component.html
The courses section has three "a" buttons that represent different courses and are labeled with the text "Cybersecurity", "Networks" and "Scheduling". Each button uses an Angular directive to call the "certificates" function when the button is clicked. The course information section is only displayed if the variable "showInfo" is true. This section contains an "h1" heading that is updated with the title corresponding to the topic of the course and a series of images of certificates of different courses. Each image is a link that opens a PDF file in a new browser tab. Information about images and links are stored in two arrays called "infoImg" and "infoPdf".


## Package "mi-pasion"

### mi-pasion.component.ts
The courses section has three "a" buttons that represent different courses and are labeled with the text "Cybersecurity", "Networks" and "Scheduling". Each button uses an Angular directive to call the "certificates" function when the button is clicked. The course information section is displayed only if the variable "showInfo" is true. This section contains an "h1" heading that is updated with the title corresponding to the course topic and a series of certificate images from different courses. Each image is a link that opens a PDF file in a new browser tab. Information about images and links is stored in two matrices called "infoImg" and "infoPdf".

### mi-pasion.component.html
This code defines a section of a web page with a background image and dynamic content generated by a template. Classes and style rules can be defined in a separate CSS file to format the section and its contents.

## Package "porque-contratarme"

### porque-contratarme.component.ts 
This code defines the section of the web page with a background image and dynamic content generated by a template. Classes and style rules can be defended code defines a component in Angular that displays information about your skills and knowledge, and can be used anywhere in the application where you need to display this information.

## porque-contratarme.component.html
This code describes the section of the web page with the "hero" class that includes a background image and a separate color area. The section has a "because-you-hire me" identifier. Within the section, there is a container with the class "div-hero" that contains a heading and two paragraphs of text. The header has a title and subtitle that are displayed using variables (title and sub_title). Paragraphs of text are also displayed using variables (text1 and text2) and have a specific style that includes a font size of 1 rem and justified text.


## Package "presentation"

### presentation.component.html
This code defines the HTML structure of the section of the web page that includes a navigation menu and a page presentation with personal information and an image. In addition, links pointing to different sections of the page are included, and a function is invoked in response to a click event on a menu item. Three components of the Angular app are also loaded onto the page.

### presentation.component.ts
This component defines the content of the Web page presentation and provides functionality to show or hide the navigation menu.

## Package "programacion"

### programacion.component.ts
This code defines the Angular component called "ProgramacionComponent". this component has a "title" property that contains a "programming" text string and another "parafo" property that contains a paragraph of text that describes the author's experience with programming

### programacion.component.html
This code defines the Angular component named "ProgramacionComponent". This component has a "title" property that contains a "programming" text string and a "parafo" property that contains a paragraph of text that describes my experience with programming


## Package "proyectos"

### proyectos.component.ts
This code defines an Angular component called "ProjectsComponent". This component contains variables and methods that are used to display information about web projects made by the developer, as well as to control the page navigation menu. The component has a property called "projects", which is an array of objects that contains information about each project, including its title, description, and URL. Each object represents a different project and is used to display information about them on the page. The component also has several variables that contain additional information, such as an image to display on the page, links to profiles on GitHub, a separator line, indexes for the different sections of the page, and a URL for the developer's resume. The "change()" method is used to control the opening and closing of the page navigation menu. The method uses the "menu" property to access the DOM element that represents the menu and changes its CSS class to show or hide the menu.

### proyectos.component.html
This code defines the HTML structure of a web page that displays a navigation menu section and a project section.


## Package "skills"

### skills.component.ts
This is an Angular component that defines the logic to display a list of skills. The imgLine variable is used to store the path of the image to be displayed on the page. Then, the variables myProjects, courses, skills, and cv are used to store the paths to other pages or resources. The change function is called when the menu button is clicked, and is used to add or remove the show class in the menu item. The ViewChild method is used to get a reference to the menu item. The skill variable is an array of objects that contains information about each skill, including the title and path of the skill image.

## skills.component.html
This code is a template of a web page that has a menu section with links to different web pages and a skills section. The menu section has a basic HTML structure that uses a ul unordered list and several li elements to represent the different menu items. Each menu item is represented as a link to with an href tag indicating the destination of the link.
